GalacticraftMars.Sludgeling
NetherOres.netherOresHellfish
Thaumcraft.CultistLeader
TwilightForest.Tiny Bird
TwilightForest.Mist Wolf
extraplanets.EvolvedPowerSkeleton
Paul
lootplusplus.Label
Mob
LavaSlime
erebus.solifugeSmall
erebus.crushling
extraplanets.EvolvedGiantSpider
Squid
RandomThings.spirit
Thaumcraft.TaintedPig
ThaumicHorizons.HorseZombie
Thaumcraft.CultistKnight
extraplanets.CreeperBossJupiter
Forestry.butterflyGE
erebus.tarantulababy
extraplanets.EvolvedMagmaCube
TwilightForest.HydraHead
excompressum.AngryChicken
AWWayofTime.Shade
erebus.rhinoBeetle
AWWayofTime.ShadeElemental
Thaumcraft.GiantBrainyZombie
Brian
PigZombie
ThaumicHorizons.ScholarChicken
VillagerGolem
ThaumicHorizons.LunarWolf
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntGuardianWind
TwilightForest.Questing Ram
TwilightForest.Stable Ice Core
TwilightForest.Twilight Lich
AWWayofTime.AirElemental
TwilightForest.Maze Slime
enderzoo.FallenKnight
Natura.NitroCreeper
TwilightForest.Naga
Cow
Thaumcraft.Firebat
OpenBlocks.Luggage
magianaturalis.evilTrunk
TwilightForest.Bighorn Sheep
extraplanets.CreeperBossNeptune
erebus.bedBug
extraplanets.EvolvedMiniEnderman
ThaumicHorizons.MeatSlime
TwilightForest.Harbinger Cube
erebus.tarantulaminiboss
erebus.antlion
erebus.animatedChest
Ghast
erebus.animatedBlock
Thaumcraft.TaintSpore
AWWayofTime.WaterElemental
hardcorewither.GhastMinion
GalacticraftCore.EvolvedSkeletonBoss
TwilightForest.Unstable Ice Core
Natura.FlameSpider
erebus.stagBeetle
Slime
TwilightForest.Armored Giant
ThaumicHorizons.Gravekeeper
enderzoo.Enderminy
AWWayofTime.LowerGuardian
Thaumcraft.Pech
enderzoo.ConcussionCreeper
erebus.titanBeetle
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntFire
extraplanets.EvolvedBlaze
Thaumcraft.CultistCleric
ThaumicHorizons.SelfShearingSheep
erebus.tarantula
erebus.pondskater
TwilightForest.Twilight Wraith
erebus.jumpingSpider
Thaumcraft.TaintSwarm
erebus.animatedBambooCrate
PneumaticCraft.logisticDrone
erebus.extractedBlock
vengeanceSpirit
erebus.wheatWeevil
erebus.antlionMiniBoss
erebus.midgeSwarm
TwilightForest.Minoshroom
TwilightForest.Hedge Spider
enderzoo.DireWolf
erebus.chameleonTick
AWWayofTime.IceDemon
controlledZombie
TwilightForest.Ice Crystal
GalacticraftCore.EvolvedSpider
Thaumcraft.EldritchWarden
AWWayofTime.HolyElemental
TwilightForest.Tower Ghast
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntEarth
Enderman
extraplanets.EvolvedEnderman
TwilightForest.Redscale Broodling
Sheep
ThaumicHorizons.MercurialSlime
TwilightForest.Firefly
ThaumicHorizons.MedSlime
TwilightForest.Troll
MineFactoryReloaded.mfrEntityPinkSlime
Thaumcraft.TaintedCow
erebus.scorpion
erebus.zombieAnt
DraconicEvolution.EnderDragon
poisonousLibelle
erebus.mosquito
TwilightForest.Redcap
Thaumcraft.CultistPortal
erebus.fly
erebus.grasshopper
ThaumicHorizons.NetherHound
Thaumcraft.TaintacleGiant
MagicCookie.MagicCookieGolem
TwilightForest.Mini Ghast
extraplanets.EvolvedIceSlime
Witch
Automagy.WispNether
erebus.woodlouse
TwilightForest.Giant Miner
TwilightForest.Forest Bunny
taintBreeder
WitherBoss
ThaumicHorizons.GoldChicken
TwilightForest.Adherent
TwilightForest.Wild Boar
TwilightForest.SnowGuardian
Botania.botania:pinkWither
TwilightForest.Yeti Boss
TwilightForest.Skeleton Druid
erebus.locust
Ozelot
Thaumcraft.TaintSwarmer
Botania.botania:doppleganger
erebus.fireAntSoldier
erebus.magmaCrawler
AWWayofTime.FallenAngel
TwilightForest.Forest Squirrel
ThaumicHorizons.TaintEaterPig
AWWayofTime.BileDemon
extraplanets.EvolvedBlueCreeper
WarpTheory.creeperPassive
erebus.velvetWorm
erebus.zombieAntSoldier
BuildCraft|Robotics.bcRobot
TwilightForest.Glacier Penguin
Blizz
erebus.snapper
extraplanets.CreeperBossUranus
GalacticraftCore.EvolvedCreeper
extraplanets.EvolvedWitch
TwilightForest.Hostile Wolf
Blitz
erebus.scytodes
TwilightForest.Wild Deer
Creeper
ThaumicHorizons.Seawolf
Thaumcraft.ThaumSlime
erebus.botFly
Thaumcraft.Golem
Thaumcraft.EldritchCrab
TwilightForest.Snow Queen
Thaumcraft.MindSpider
TwilightForest.Death Tome
erebus.antlionBoss
AWWayofTime.SmallEarthGolem
OpenBlocks.MiniMe
Pig
EntityHorse
DraconicEvolution.ChaosGuardian
erebus.lavaWebSpider
Natura.FlameSpiderBaby
Thaumcraft.TaintSpider
erebus.cicada
ThaumicExploration.TaintacleMinion
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGrunt
Mekanism.Robit
Bat
Sanguimancy.EntityChickenMinion
Thaumcraft.InhabitedZombie
Botania.botania:pixie
TwilightForest.Loyal Zombie
Thaumcraft.TaintedChicken
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntWind
erebus.honeyPotAnt
Thaumcraft.EldritchGuardian
Zombie
Giant
ThaumicHorizons.ChromaticSheep
ThaumicHorizons.Familiar
MushroomCow
witherSkeleton
Thaumcraft.EldritchGolem
TwilightForest.Slime Beetle
erebus.dragonfly
werewolf
magianaturalis.ferociousRevenant
Thaumcraft.TaintedCreeper
Sanguimancy.EntityPlayerPointer
Thaumcraft.TaintedVillager
TwilightForest.Pinch Beetle
erebus.wasp
erebus.prayingMantis
erebus.bombardierBeetleLarva
Natura.Imp
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntGuardian
GalacticraftCore.EvolvedSkeleton
erebus.glowWorm
erebus.fireAnt
EnderDragon
erebus.gasVent
Blaze
erebus.workerBee
chisel.snowman
extraplanets.CreeperBossVenus
erebus.sporeJet
Spider
Thaumcraft.TaintedSheep
GalacticraftCore.EvolvedZombie
TwilightForest.Redcap Sapper
erebus.bombardierBeetle
erebus.beetle
TwilightForest.Helmet Crab
TwilightForest.Lich Minion
ThaumicHorizons.OrePig
NuclearMonster
TwilightForest.King Spider
Thaumcraft.Wisp
erebus.leech
erebus.beetleLarva
netherfish
extraplanets.EvolvedRedCreeper
erebus.crushroom
ThaumicHorizons.Sheeder
TwilightForest.RovingCube
enderzoo.FallenMount
Skeleton
TwilightForest.Lower Goblin Knight
extraplanets.CreeperBossSaturn
TwilightForest.Twilight Kobold
erebus.wisp
erebus.punchroom
TwilightForest.Tower Boss
TwilightForest.Tower Golem
TwilightForest.Upper Goblin Knight
grue.EntityGrue
Basalz
hardcorewither.SkeletonMinion
SnowMan
AWWayofTime.FireElemental
Thaumcraft.BrainyZombie
Thaumcraft.TravelingTrunk
ThaumicHorizons.Endersteed
extraplanets.CreeperBossPluto
erebus.moth
AWWayofTime.BoulderFist
ThaumicHorizons.LostSoul
Wolf
enderzoo.WitherWitch
AgriCraft.villagerFarmer
TwilightForest.Swarm Spider
Mekanism.BabySkeleton
foundry.gunSkeleton
PneumaticCraft.Drone
TwilightForest.Fire Beetle
ThaumicHorizons.HorseSkeleton
CaveSpider
AWWayofTime.WingedFireDemon
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntIce
erebus.centipede
erebus.botFlyLarva
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntGuardianIce
Monster
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntGuardianEarth
TwilightForest.WinterWolf
GalacticraftCore.AlienVillager
erebus.umberGolemIdol
Thaumcraft.TaintacleTiny
hardcorewither.BlazeMinion
TwilightForest.Tower Termite
erebus.umberGolem
TwilightForest.Mosquito Swarm
erebus.blackWidow
enderzoo.WitherCat
ThaumicHorizons.GolemTH
Villager
ThaumicHorizons.NightmareTH
GalacticraftMars.Slimeling
AWWayofTime.EarthElemental
TwilightForest.Block&Chain Goblin
EMT.archer
Silverfish
TwilightForest.Yeti
erebus.solifuge
ThaumicHorizons.ChocolateCow
computronics.swarm
ThaumicHorizons.GuardianPanther
TwilightForest.Minotaur
Thaumcraft.Taintacle
AWWayofTime.MinorDemonGruntGuardianFire
TwilightForest.Hydra
Chicken
erebus.blackAnt
TwilightForest.Knight Phantom
GalacticraftMars.CreeperBoss
testdummy.Dummy
ThaumicHorizons.VoltSlime
extraplanets.CreeperBossEris
erebus.bloodSnail
TwilightForest.Forest Raven
erebus.moneySpider
